document erc721 burnScheduledPrefix (#35)
PaimaStudios/paima-engine-docs: docs/home/300-react-to-events/2-primitive-catalogue/10-evm/3-ERC721.md

- `tokenId` is the ID of the newly minted token (in base 10),
- `mintData` is the string emitted when the NFT was minted for PaimaERC721 NFTs (used for specifying the type of Stateful NFT). For classical ERC721 contracts, it will always be an empty string.

**If** `burnScheduledPrefix` is set, burn events are also emitted with the format:

```
prefix|owner|tokenId
```

where:

- `prefix` is the value of `burnScheduledPrefix` in the config file.
- `owner` is the address that burned the token.

> - `tokenId` is the ID of the newly minted token (in base 10),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tokenId` is the ID of the burned token (in base 10),
```
